I said we can read wherever we lie we
can reign forever we lie yeah when it
comes you dear you got the top tier damn
was so in the land yeah we can read
where ever we live we can reign forever
we like yeah late night brave leader and
by I'm kill van home for you the night
because we can play around with you say
we can reign forever we my yeah anytime
you want to join an epic great group
quiz for us telugu pop will happy to
Goose you wanted you to get a big gear
don't even wanna roll proxy yours I
swear you want that item need that out
of long and late sigh good we won't need
to like an epic gems I got him come get
him you're buying don't tell the heart
for jewelers play when it comes again we
got the time gene and we can't my blasts
all night because we can rate revelry
line
I said we can bring rebel we lie yeah
late night raid leader and fight I'll
give a bad offer you the night because
you can read wherever you like I said we
can baby rebel we lied yeah shorty with
my hardest radisys I program tank so
good well they're the world's finest eps
I said in 10k their landing could
everybody know what the number one
ranking itchin broke free out of his
eyes so long as we got matter then we're
gonna take your front 56 raper weakest
all I gotta do promise me and operate
the temple far Thank You Marvin have
what they want and go in any race for
any job they want no they ain't never
had a legal like me to Busan wherever
like ICC yeah I want there I need that
I'm long braids off your bony to move
roll to go get a bulb I don't like it
then /g quit when it comes again we got
the timetable I'm attempt a blast all
night because we can rate level we night
I said we can break a rebel rely yeah
late night raid leader invite i'll give
a fan off you good night because you can
read brother your night i said we can
raid revelry I ya dick born raised and
big boy nude let me put this in check on
your boot we hit so high boss is gonna
die to this big lich king me wave
goodbye won't that item need a long as
there are buses baby here to fighting
you born a damn role to go get it or
find other people on then please be
quiet when it comes you did we got the
top tier damn was so in the man yeah we
can reign forever we lying we can reign
forever we leave me yeah
raised leader and by akira back all for
you tonight because we to labor leu live
till we train wherever we lie yeah